Improve docs for MR and PR comments (#457)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-app/notifications.md

<br />
An inline GitHub pull request comment.

> Note that [Semgrep App](https://semgrep.dev/manage) uses the permissions requested by [the Semgrep GitHub App](https://github.com/marketplace/semgrep-dev) to leave PR comments. You can verify that you have granted these permissions by visiting either https://github.com/organizations/<your_org_name>/settings/installations or https://github.com/organizations/<your_org_name>/<your_repo_name>/settings/installations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that [Semgrep App](https://semgrep.dev/manage) uses the permissions requested by [the Semgrep GitHub App](https://github.com/marketplace/semgrep-dev) to leave PR comments. You can verify that you have granted these permissions by visiting either `https://github.com/organizations/<your_org_name>/settings/installations` or `https://github.com/organizations/<your_org_name>/<your_repo_name>/settings/installations`.
```

If you are using GitHub Actions to run Semgrep, no extra changes are needed to get PR comments. If you are using another CI provider, in addition to the environment variables you set after following [sample CI configurations](/semgrep-ci/sample-ci-configs/) you need to ensure that the following environment variables are correctly defined:

> - `SEMGREP_PR_ID` is set to the PR number of the pull request on Github (e.g. `2901`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SEMGREP_PR_ID` is set to the PR number of the pull request on Github (for example, `2901`)
```

> - `SEMGREP_REPO_NAME` is set to the repo name (e.g., `returntocorp/semgrep`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SEMGREP_REPO_NAME` is set to the repo name (for example, `returntocorp/semgrep`)
```

> - `SEMGREP_REPO_URL` is set to the repository URL where your project is viewable online (e.g., `https://github.com/returntocorp/semgrep`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SEMGREP_REPO_URL` is set to the repository URL where your project is viewable online (for example, `https://github.com/returntocorp/semgrep`)
```

    GITLAB_TOKEN: $PAT
```

If you would like to allow Semgrep to automatically suggest quick fixes, visit the [projects page](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/projects), select a project, and toggle "Autofix" on.

> 

Author: Is this now redundant with the autofix section below?

Reviewer 2: Good catch. Removing it.

### Automatically fix your findings through pull or merge requests

[Autofix](../experiments/overview.md/#autofix) is a Semgrep feature in which rules contain suggested fixes to resolve findings. Either metavariables or regex matches are replaced with a potential fix. Due to their complexity, not all rules make use of autofix, but for rules that use this feature, autofix allows you to quickly resolve findings as part of your code review workflow. Semgrep App can suggest these fixes through PR or MR comments within GitHub or GitLab, thus integrating seamlessly with your review environment.

Autofix is free to use for all tiers.

In the following screenshot, Semgrep detects the use of a native Python XML library, which is vulnerable to XML external entity (XXE) attacks. The PR comment automatically suggests a fix by replacing `import xml` to `import defusedxml`.

![Screenshot of a sample autofix PR suggestion](../img/notifications-github-suggestions.png)

#### Enabling autofix for your GitLab or GitHub code repository

**Prerequisites:**

* **For GitLab users:** GitLab users must be signed in to semgrep.dev as they require a Semgrep API token.

> * **For GitHub users:** Ensure you have granted sufficient permissions requested by Semgrep GitHub App for the repository or organization that will receive PR autofix suggestions.

Author: IMO these really belong in the PR comments and MR comments sections. The only pre-requisite here is that you have followed the instructions in those sections and are successfully receiving inline PR or MR comments. This makes it sound like there are additional pre-requisites for autofix.

1. Sign in to your [Semgrep App account](https://semgrep.dev/login).
2. Click **Projects** from the **App sidebar**.
3. Click the name of the project to enable autofix for.
4. Click the toggle for **Autofix (beta)**.
![Screenshot of autofix toggle](../img/notifications-enable-autofix.png)

> 5. After enabling autofix, your succeeding scans will include PR or MR suggestions where applicable.

Author: 5. After enabling autofix, your inline PR or MR comments will include code suggestions for applicable rules

Reviewer 2: @chmccreery Does this mean that RIGHT after enabling autofix in App, the most recent scan will update itself to show these comments?

Author: No previously-left comments will be updated, but all comments that are left _after_ autofix was enabled in App will have a suggestion, if the rule that caught the finding has a "fix" field or a "fix-regex" field.

Reviewer 2: How about:

5. All scans performed after enabling autofix will generate inline PR or MR comments with code suggestions for applicable rules?

Reviewer 2: (Decided to go ahead with the above.)
